[DOC-11643] New SQL++ Statements for 8.0 (#392)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/grant.adoc

image::n1ql-language-reference/grant.png["Syntax diagram: refer to source code listing", align=left]

[source,ebnf]
----
include::partial$grammar/dcl.ebnf[tag=grant-user]
----

image::n1ql-language-reference/grant-user.png["Syntax diagram: refer to source code listing", align=left]

[source,ebnf]
----
include::partial$grammar/dcl.ebnf[tag=grant-group]
----

image::n1ql-language-reference/grant-group.png["Syntax diagram: refer to source code listing", align=left]

[horizontal]
role::
One of the {authorization-overview}[RBAC role names predefined] by Couchbase Server.
+
For the following roles, you can use their short forms as well:

* `query_select` → `select`
* `query_insert` → `insert`
* `query_update` → `update`
* `query_delete` → `delete`

keyspace-ref::
<<keyspace-ref,Keyspace Reference>>

user::
A user name created by the Couchbase Server RBAC system.

group::
A group name created by the Couchbase Server RBAC system.

[NOTE]
====
* [Optional] Use the keyword `USER` or `USERS` to grant roles to users. 

> * [Required] Use the keyword `GROUP` or `GROUPS` to grant roles to groups. 

Reviewer: Not sure why it says Optional and Required with these bullets?

```suggestion
* Use the keyword `USER` or `USERS` to grant roles to users. 
* Use the keyword `GROUP` or `GROUPS` to grant roles to groups. 
```

Author: Doesn't make sense to me either when I look at it now! 
Changed the phrasing and updated the note.
